# Crypto Marketplace
    #### Video Demo:  <https://youtu.be/w5hbvDhQvvw>
    #### Description: In the Crypto Marketplace, you can buy and sell three different types of cryptocurrencies: Bitcoin, Ethereum, and Solana. There is a 'Check Balance' function that shows your current cash balance and the value of the coins you own. You start with $100,000 and are able to buy coins until your balance is $0. Once you bought or sold coins it will be updated to an global "wallet" called user_coins. The interface includes dashed lines to keep things organized and better displayed. The clean_input function helps avoid errors from special characters, while validate_name ensures valid input. To avoid wrong user inputs and creating an error, I replaced ',' since the user could answer 1,5 when thinking of buying the currency. In the choosing functions, such as choose_coin and choose_action, I used \n to create new lines and make it more readable. The buy_coin function uses a try-except block, as there were some ValueErrors inside the buy_coin and sell_coin functions. By using the except function i was able to get rid of them. Check_balance gets access to user_coin to keep track of the current balance. I made sure after every user transaction to display the transaction amount and the new balance. While testing the program with some friends who are not into coding, I realized there needed to be an exit function, since they not familiar with the Control C command, and it looks better. I really would like to use the new class function I learned in the last lecture, but that seemed to be a bit too difficult from now on, so I used mostly dictionarys and some list function. There are so many things to take care of (and I probably couldn't find all of them). It is not like the old phones we used to have, where you could only press the buttons 1-9. Nowadays, with the more developed keyboard, there are way more opportunities to get error messages to be aware of. So that was a bit tricky, finding a way to avoid most of the problems and errors. There are more things i wanted to implement to the programm such as live tracking coin price, a coin staking function, a picture of each coin, realising that it is not that simple and i need more library knowledge for that. But for now on i am pretty happy with my simple program.
